Add CSS scroll-timeline* properties (#21277)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/animation-timeline/index.md

{{CSSRef}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`animation-timeline`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property specifies the name of the timeline that defines the progress of the animation.

> For an animation that depends on the position of a scroll bar this name will be defined in a {{cssxref("scroll-timeline-name")}} or {{cssxref("scroll-timeline")}} property applied to the element that contains the scrollbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an animation that depends on the position of a scrollbar, this name will be defined by the {{cssxref("scroll-timeline-name")}} or {{cssxref("scroll-timeline")}} property that is applied to the element that contains the scrollbar.
```

<!-- {{EmbedInteractiveExample("pages/css/animation-name.html")}} -->

> The animation timeline can also be set using the {{cssxref("animation")}} shorthand property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The animation timeline can also be set by using the {{cssxref("animation")}} shorthand property.
```

{{csssyntax}}

> ## Exampless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

### Setting a scroll timeline

A scroll timeline named `squareTimeline` is defined using the `scroll-timeline-name` property on the element with id `container`.
This is then applied to the animation on the `#square` element using `animation-timeline: squareTimeline`.

#### HTML

The HTML for the example is shown below.

```html
<div id="container">
  <div id="square"></div>
  <div id="stretcher"></div>
</div>
```

#### CSS

The CSS for the container sets it as the source of a scroll timeline named `squareTimeline` using the `scroll-timeline-name` property (we could also set which scrollbar axis to use with `scroll-timeline-axis`, but there will be only one scrollbar here, and it will be used by default).

> The height of the container is set to 300px and we also set the container to create a vertical scrollbar it it overflows (below we will use CSS on the "stretcher" element to ensure that it does overflow).

Reviewer: the double "it" typo

Author: ```suggestion
The height of the container is set to 300px and we also set the container to create a vertical scrollbar it overflows (below we will use CSS on the "stretcher" element to ensure that it does overflow).
```

>   animation-duration: 3s;

Author: Not clear why you need `animation-duration` when a timeline is provided by the scrollbar.

}
```

The "stretcher" CSS simply sets the block height to 600px, which forces the container element to overflow and create scroll bars.

> Without this element there would be no scrollbar, and hence no scroll timeline to associate with the animation timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without this element, there would be no scrollbar, and hence no scroll timeline to associate with the animation timeline.
```

Author: I don't see this comma as helpful.
